at least let you say
over one love
remember
January 2012 creative spaces
Internet conquered the young poetess
Irina Astakhov and and a poem from you
there even loves who has collected almost a million
network views
became the starting point of its popularity
and literary career now ah
astakhova rides around
Russia
girl's tour of Saratov
novice journalist axons joke on
several years waiting for this event with
young poetess oksana personally
met 2 years ago when
met her in a train moscow saratov
even astakhova turned open
sincere and pleasant communication man
sat drinking tea a and kush only to the tray
nice talking
it was unexpected that she was so open to
communication she sincerely she open she
easy but I don't know very nice very
cozy warmth that radiates irina with
the scene is transmitted to all its readers
creativity for astahovoy the most important part
life is the only possible way
open your inner world
tell about your feelings feelings
and emotions full halls of admirers
poetic talent going
spellbound timbre of voice and
piercing images
that make you worry with
literary genius and
interest series feature works
Irene is that she writes as
Thai woman because her male name
the works are filled with sincere
feelings and deep philosophical meaning
reincarnating she even style clothes
immerse the audience their world I
among students with giau irina astakhov
This has also been Maria fans
Falcon has been fond of more than two years
her works as Masha notes
the poetess has changed noticeably she
evolving becomes more serious and
Mature and and poem want
reread again and again fan with
pleasure quotes favorite lines
but on the eve of the new year she
Now read just can meet in
New year somewhere 5 can be in the evening and and
past about we hug each other
for shoulders all the same close classics something
very close to me seems to me many
especially girls since love
lyrics and will be reflected in these
poems in childhood, Rena dreamed to enter
In theater school but now says happy
that abandoned the idea
she doesn’t need the roles coined by the director
the main thing that is astahovoy is
opportunity to be yourself
share your experiences and see
sincerely giving back my fans I
saw the faces of the first people like people
listened like some people cried but
about it all saw a response to each
poem
or I feel like awards in 36
pretty yesterday after the concert ah
Astakhov for a long time did not let go
fans of her work who
tried to be photographed with
poetic genius of the 21st century and get
long-awaited autograph ah astakhov
popular Moscow poetess
perfume designer blog with millions
views on youtube
she won the hearts of the inhabitants of the city
Saratov they will long remember
lines beloved poems and
wait when it is beautiful poetess again
Olga Lgova Murat will come to our city
kazimov andrew chirkov specifically for
studio motion